Rename .NET Aspire references to Aspire (#1239)
bradygaster/squad: docs/src/content/docs/sample-prompts.md

---

### 9. Aspire Cloud-Native App

```

> Build a cloud-native app with Aspire (read https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/aspire/):

Author: ```suggestion
Build a cloud-native app with Aspire (read https://aspire.dev/):
```
